https://github.com/timostrating/parkingsimulator
https://github.com/VincentCremers/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/rotjeking7/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/DirkSuelmann2/Parkeergarage <--FORK
https://github.com/RamonBonsema08/Parkeergarage <--FORK
https://github.com/iyadsaffaf/Project-Parkeergarage <-- 1de project
https://github.com/iyadsaffaf/Garaga-simulator <-- 2de project
https://github.com/Afrobee1/Project-Parkeergarage <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/strameff/Project-Parkeergarage <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/arnoenting/Project-Parkeergarage
https://github.com/cryptology1996/Parkeergarage <-- 1de project
https://github.com/cryptology1996/Parkeersimulator <-- 2de project
https://github.com/Aitai/MinuteJ
https://github.com/TimPmiT/ParkeergarageProject <-- 1de project
https://github.com/TimPmiT/ProjectParkeergarage <-- 2de project
https://github.com/arneLD/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/gvdijk/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/iMarshMallow/ParkeerSim 
https://github.com/chielkroeze/ParkeerSim <-- 1de project / FORK
https://github.com/chielkroeze/ProjectPeriode2 <-- 2de project / mogelijk letterlijk copy
https://github.com/Maanbal/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/gromdroid/parkeergarage <-- 1de project
https://github.com/gromdroid/MVC-Garage <-- 2de project
https://github.com/CreepCoder/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/robkat134/parkeergarage
https://github.com/Gerigon/parkeergarage <-- FORK
https://github.com/joopschilder/parkeergarage
https://github.com/Joyce0398/parkeergarage_project
https://github.com/SebastiaanHolthuis/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/WoutBes/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/bertjedb/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/Witwerts/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/RJHarte/Project-Parkeergarage
https://github.com/Here2peer/parkeergaragesim
https://github.com/Noffy/parkeergaragesim <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/hehuservices/ParkeerGarage <-- 1de project
https://github.com/hehuservices/Parking-Garage-Simulator <-- FORK / 2de project 
https://github.com/Wallie288/Parking-Garage-Simulator
https://github.com/ricardovandervlag/parkeerGarage
https://github.com/LenDuin/Parkeergarage-GUI
https://github.com/WisseVoortman/ProjectParkeergarage
https://github.com/QSang/Project-Parkeergarage
https://github.com/RvdM7/ParkeerGarage
https://github.com/SeanVisser1998/parkeergarage-2017-2018
https://github.com/msvdaamen/school_parkeergaragesim
https://github.com/YouSeeNiek/HanzeParkeerGarage <-- 1de project
https://github.com/YouSeeNiek/TestGarage <-- 2de project 
https://github.com/karelkoster/ProjectParkeergarage
https://github.com/Rainieren/Parkeergarage-simulator
https://github.com/danielgeerts7/parkeergarage_J_team
https://github.com/micrud/Hanze-Project-OOP
https://github.com/CptButtocks/Hanze-City-Park
https://github.com/Arceden/ChickenNuggetsGarage
https://github.com/Arkarvir/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/bryandijkhuizen/Parkeersimulator-Project
https://github.com/ahmedcicek/Testerd
https://github.com/360456/Testerd <-- FORK
https://github.com/arneLD/Testerd <-- FORK
https://github.com/ahmedcicek/parkeer1
https://github.com/360456/parkeer1 <-- FORK
https://github.com/Evertpoort/ProjectOOP
https://github.com/jgbrands/parking-garage
https://github.com/oekoning/parking-garage <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/Karlientjuuh/parking-garage <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/elbble123/parking-garage <-- FORK
https://github.com/Bobbiebob/parking-garage <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/InNoHurryToCode/Java-Parking-Garage
https://github.com/Rkompaan/Parkeergarage
https://github.com/Alice69/TestAutogarage
https://github.com/mishadokter/Parking-Garage-Java
https://github.com/JosTerlage/Project
https://github.com/D0pe69/Project-car-park-simulation
https://github.com/JarnoVos/CarParkSimulator
https://github.com/doughyjohnny/Parkeersimulator <-- 1 commit
https://github.com/Faimire/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/NickFlok/Parkeersimulator <-- FORK
https://github.com/koenhendriks/CarParkSimulation
https://github.com/singh1998/Parkeersimulator <-- 1de project
https://github.com/singh1998/MVC <-- 2de project mogelijk letterlijk copy
https://github.com/alice-1999/Parkeersimulator <-- OLD FORK
https://github.com/devM1ke/project-parkeersimulator
https://github.com/marijnj93/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/DragonOfSnow/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/andyper/parkeersimulator
https://github.com/crazyRamon/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/samvanputten95/Parkeersimulator <-- 1de project
https://github.com/samvanputten95/Parkeersimulator-werkend <-- 2de project 
https://github.com/Legerdy/parkeersimulator <-- 1de project
https://github.com/Legerdy/parkeersim <-- 2de project
https://github.com/emistery/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/miguelgrant96/Parkeersimulator
https://github.com/Serbobin/Parkeersimulator_project
https://github.com/Marcelzinga/ParkeerSimulator <-- 1de project
https://github.com/MichielTombergen/GitHubRepParkingSimulatorBV
https://github.com/Marcelzinga/GitHubParkingSimulatorBV <-- 2de project / FORK
https://github.com/ML9934/GitHubParkingSimulatorBV <-- FORK
https://github.com/UncleBen13/GitHubParkingSimulatorBV <-- FORK
https://github.com/UncleBen13/Parkingsim2k17 <-- 1 commit
https://github.com/foxoffire33/parkeerSimulator
https://github.com/MichielTombergen/ProjectPeriode
https://github.com/Piggie04/Project-periode-2
https://github.com/eturia/legendario
https://github.com/YouriLieverdink/Project <-- 1de project
https://github.com/YouriLieverdink/ParkeerSim <-- 2de project
https://github.com/Arjen22/ParkingSimulator <-- 1de project
https://github.com/Arjen22/ParkingSimulatorV2 <-- 2de project / mogelijk letterlijk copy + extra commits
https://github.com/Arjen22/Simulator <-- 3de project
https://github.com/bakkerrene/Parking-Garage-Simulator
https://github.com/zejar/CarPark
https://github.com/sdejonge/ParkingLot
